Hello everyone, welcome to the first session of tech foundations, today it's going to be
an introductory session to the programming with python, so we are gonna start our programming
sessions from today and we are gonna start with the python programming language, so let's
get to the session, okay, so first we'll start off with the agenda, okay, so initially first
we will have an introduction of basic terminology, okay, and then we will see about the different
programming languages and why we are teaching you in python, okay, and then we will see
how we can use python as a calculator, okay, here we'll see some arithmetic operators,
okay, so today you are gonna write your first program, isn't that amazing?
Okay, let's get started, so first let's have a short introduction about programming, okay,
so what did we learn about software, we'll start with the term software, okay, so what